Speak there, people, beauty.
My name is luiz monsignores the tip today
It's about a home lcd tv stand
and we will need a
screw in the case of the call for use in
cars from under a plastic to
next TV stand comes the support of
TV
the support only that this support
approximately two holes two
holes in the wall
pulls 1010 good quality with a bag
from lisboa will put her hold the weight
quietly can be up to 8 more or
at least 10 a strong hook in 2010 and 2
company end hook i can not
put this plastic chain on the wall
and now in case I'm going to explore my
Wife, she's going to help me, I'm going to put
Here I am going to put it here for you and us.
let's go
Lift up the chain.
up and will fit better now
Nice to be away from your denomination.
how cool is the current
the other standing
No, it's really cool, support.
was pretty cool sale then that's it
folks
this was the tip tv support on
homemade home-made wall gives a
big hug if you like to talk so I
I'll talk
If you liked a young man in the video with
shares you think it's cool the video
and it's there on the channel that's where it subscribes
the channel is we will always be
making a few videos so I think
interesting to take 16 worth a hug